docs: Update appliance build documentation (#842)
vmware-samples/vcenter-event-broker-appliance: docs/kb/contribute-appliance.md

  * [Packer](https://www.packer.io/intro/getting-started/install.html){:target="_blank"} (v1.6.3 or greater)
  * [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/){:target="_blank"}
* Development machine must have the firewall disabled for the duration of the build

> > **Note:** It has been seen that Packer can bind to an IPv6 on the development machine - you maywish to disable IPv6!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** It has been seen that Packer can bind to an IPv6 on the development machine - you may wish to disable IPv6!
```
